---
title: Privacy policy
menu_item: privacy
meta_description:
layout: layouts/default.njk
---

# {{ title }}

PT Digital Services Limited ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.philthompson.co.uk website (the "Service"). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Our commitment to protecting your privacy is paramount at PT Digital Services Ltd. This Policy sets out when and why we collect personal information, how we use it and how we keep it secure. If you have any queries about this Policy please contact us at 153 Boundary Road, London, N22 6AR email datacontroller@philthompson.co.uk.

## Definitions

### Service (Site)

Service is the https://www.philthompson.co.uk website and content operated by PT Digital Services Ltd

### Personal Data

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession). Non-personal data means data that is in no way personally identifiable.

### Usage Data

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

### Cookies

Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

### Data Controller

Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.

### Data Processors (or Service Providers)

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.

We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

### Data Subject (or User)

Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data. This term may also be used interchangeably collectively to refer to a visitor or member.

### Visitor

A visitor is someone who browses our website

### Member

A member is someone who has registered with us to uses our services

## Collecting information

We will collect several different types of information including personal information from you for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you. You volunteer this information in a variety of ways including, but not limited to, when you register with us to become a volunteer, sign up to receive our newsletter, make a donation to us or otherwise provide us with personal information.

### Types of data collected

#### Personal data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address
- First name and last name
- ~Phone number~
- ~Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City~
- ~Cookies and Usage Data~

We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.

#### Usage data

We may also collect information about how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

#### Location data

We may use and store information about your location if you give us permission to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customise our Service.

You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time, through your device settings.

#### Use of Cookies

The PT Digital Services Ltd website does not use cookies.

## Use of data

PT Digital Services Ltd uses the collected data for various purposes:

- To provide and maintain our Service
- To notify you about changes to our Service
- To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
- To provide customer support
- To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
- To monitor the usage of our Service
- To detect, prevent and address technical issues
- To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information

## Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), PT Digital Services Ltd’s legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

## PT Digital Services Ltd may process your Personal Data because:

- We need to perform a contract with you
- You have given us permission to do so
- The processing is in our legitimate interests and it’s not overridden by your rights
- To comply with the law

## Retention of data

PT Digital Services Ltd will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

PT Digital Services Ltd will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, approximately 50 months, except, when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

Volunteer data collected through online forms will be held for at least three months from the last date of interaction with PT Digital Services Ltd.
Transfer of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

PT Digital Services Ltd may also share your data within the PT Digital Services Ltd regional network.

If you are located outside United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United Kingdom and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

PT Digital Services Ltd will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
Disclosure of data

We do not sell, trade or otherwise transfer your personal date to outside third parties.

We do reserve the right to release such personal data to provide you with the product or services you have requested within our PT Digital Services Ltd network.

Non-personal information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other PT Digital Services Ltd use.

## Disclosure for law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, PT Digital Services Ltd may be required to disclose your Personal Data to enforce our site policies, protect your rights or the rights of others’ property or safety if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
Legal requirements

PT Digital Services Ltd may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- To comply with a legal obligation
- To protect and defend the rights or property of PT Digital Services Ltd
- To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
- To protect against legal liability

## Security of data

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. PT Digital Services Ltd aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us at datacontroller@philthompson.co.uk

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.

The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete. We will do this within 30 days of your request.

The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.

The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.

The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.

The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where PT Digital Services Ltd relied on your consent to process your personal information.

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

## Consent and communication

By providing us with your personal information, you consent to the collection and use of that information for the purposes and in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. It is easy for you to change or withdraw your communication preferences with us at any time. You can contact us at any time to request changes to how we contact you – or to tell us not to contact you at all. We will always respect your wishes.

We will not contact you for marketing purposes by email or phone unless you have given your prior consent. We will not contact you for marketing purposes by post if you have indicated that you do not wish to be contacted. To change your marketing preferences at any time please contact us at 153 Boundary Road, London, N22 6AR, email datacontroller@philthompson.co.uk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely. You have the right to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you (for which we may charge a small fee) and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected. Your information will never be shared with a third party.

## Social media

The data we are given access to by social media services will vary but will always be in line with the Terms of that particular service. We will not be able to access your private messages or photos and it will include only what you specifically send to us.

## Service providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analysing how our Service is used. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

## Email newsletters

PT Digital Services Ltd email marketing campaigns may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity, and other activity. This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity.
External Links – Third Party

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us.

Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised to adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website or on PT Digital Services Ltd’s social media channels.

PT Digital Services Ltd cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite our best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and PT Digital Services Ltd cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.

## Changes to this privacy policy

We may update our Privacy policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy, with the “effective date” at the top, on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy policy periodically for any changes.

PT Digital Services Ltd reserves the right to amend this Privacy policy. The most up to date version will always be available on our website.
